{"https://www.goodreads.com/notes/11525157-the-forty-rules-of-love/38648728-hayyu-hanifah?ref=abp": ["If a stone hits a river, the river will treat it as yet another commotion in its already tumultuous course. Nothing unusual. Nothing unmanageable. If a stone hits a lake, however, the lake will never be the same again.", "For despite what some people say, love is not only a sweet feeling bound to come and quickly go away.", "\u201cIt is the first rule, brother,\u201d I said. \u201cHow we see God is a direct reflection of how we see ourselves. If God brings to mind mostly fear and blame, it means there is too much fear and blame welled inside us. If we see God as full of love and compassion, so are we.\u201d", "And one of those rules said, The Path to the Truth is a labor of the heart, not of the head. Make your heart your primary guide! Not your mind. Meet, challenge, and ultimately prevail over your nafs with your heart. Knowing your self will lead you to the knowledge of God.", "Loneliness and solitude are two different things. When you are lonely, it is easy to delude yourself into believing that you are on the right path. Solitude is better for us, as it means being alone without feeling lonely. But eventually it is best to find a person, the person who will be your mirror. Remember, only in another person\u2019s heart can you truly see yourself and the presence of God within you.", "Whatever happens in your life, no matter how troubling things might seem, do not enter the neighborhood of despair. Even when all doors remain closed, God will open up a new path only for you. Be thankful! It is easy to be thankful when all is well. A Sufi is thankful not only for what he has been given but also for all that he has been denied.", "Patience does not mean to passively endure. It means to be farsighted enough to trust the end result of a process. What does patience mean? It means to look at the thorn and see the rose, to look at the night and see the dawn. Impatience means to be so shortsighted as to not be able to see the outcome. The lovers of God never run out of patience, for they know that time is needed for the crescent moon to become full.", "East, west, south, or north makes little difference. No matter what your destination, just be sure to make every journey a journey within. If you travel within, you\u2019ll travel the whole wide world and beyond.", "The midwife knows that when there is no pain, the way for the baby cannot be opened and the mother cannot give birth. Likewise, for a new Self to be born, hardship is necessary.", "Just as clay needs to go through intense heat to become strong, Love can only be perfected in pain.", "There are more fake gurus and false teachers in this world than the number of stars in the visible universe. Don\u2019t confuse power-driven, self-centered people with true mentors. A genuine spiritual master will not direct your attention to himself or herself and will not expect absolute obedience or utter admiration from you, but instead will help you to appreciate and admire your inner self. True mentors are as transparent as glass. They let the Light of God pass through them.\u201d", "I guess whether we choose to travel as much as Marco Polo did or stay in the same spot from cradle to grave, life is a sequence of births and deaths. Moments are born and moments die. For new experiences to come to light, old ones need to wither away.", "Try not to resist the changes that come your way. Instead let life live through you. And do not worry that your life is turning upside down. How do you know that the side you are used to is better than the one to come?", "If you want to change the way others treat you, you should first change the way you treat yourself. Unless you learn to love yourself, fully and sincerely, there is no way you can be loved. Once you achieve that stage, however, be thankful for every thorn that others might throw at you. It is a sign that you will soon be showered in roses.\u201d", "\u201cFret not where the road will take you. Instead concentrate on the first step. That\u2019s the hardest part and that\u2019s what you are responsible for. Once you take that step let everything do what it naturally does and the rest will follow. Do not go with the flow. Be the flow.\u201d", "The past is an interpretation. The future is an illusion. The world does not move through time as if it were a straight line, proceeding from the past to the future. Instead time moves through and within us, in endless spirals.", "Destiny doesn\u2019t mean that your life has been strictly predetermined. Therefore, to leave everything to fate and to not actively contribute to the music of the universe is a sign of sheer ignorance.", "That the light of the sun isn\u2019t overshadowed by the blindness of the eye of the denier, the one who refuses to see.\u201d", "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder,\u201d", "THE THINGS THAT ARE PRESENT THROUGH THEIR ABSENCE", "True power resides in submission\u2014a power that comes from within. Those who submit to the divine essence of life will live in unperturbed tranquillity and peace even when the whole wide world goes through turbulence after turbulence.", "Little did I know that I was making the most common and the most painful mistake women have made all throughout the ages: to na\u00efvely think that with their love they can change the men they love.", "\u201cThere is no such thing as early or late in life,\u201d Aziz said. \u201cEverything happens at the right time.\u201d \u201cDo you really believe that?\u201d"], "https://www.goodreads.com/notes/59358804-the-name-of-the-star/38648728-hayyu-hanifah?ref=abp": ["I could pretend, at least, and if I pretended long enough, maybe I could make it into a reality.", "England and Britain and the United Kingdom are not the same thing. England is the country. Britain is the island containing England, Scotland, and Wales. The United Kingdom is the formal designation of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland as a political entity. If you mess this up, you will be corrected. Repeatedly.", "\u201cFear can\u2019t hurt you,\u201d she said. \u201cWhen it washes over you, give it no power. It\u2019s a snake with no venom. Remember that. That knowledge can save you.\u201d"], "https://www.goodreads.com/notes/24839183-the-boy-who-harnessed-the-wind/38648728-hayyu-hanifah?ref=abp": ["Even though we lived in a small village in Africa, we did many of the same things kids do all over the world; we just used different materials. After talking with friends I met in America, I know this is true. Children everywhere have similar ways of playing with one another. And if you look at it this way, the world isn\u2019t such a big place.", "Since we didn\u2019t have electricity or television, the radio was our only link to the world outside our village. The same was true in many other parts of Africa. In most places you go, whether its deep in the forest or in the city, you\u2019ll see people listening to small portable radios.", "My neighbors in the trading center seemed happy to enjoy their cars and CD players without explanation, but not me. I was filled with the desire to understand, and the questions never stopped coming. If finding these answers was the job of a scientist, then I wanted to become one.", "Without realizing it, Geoffrey and I had just discovered something called alternating and direct current. Of course, we wouldn\u2019t know its true meaning until much later. But while I was cranking the pedals\u2014so hard that my arm became tired\u2014I kept wondering, What can do the pedaling for me so that both of us can dance?", "Well, the answer was electricity. The dynamo had given me a small taste of this magical thing, and I soon became determined to try and make some on my own. Many of you have probably been saying, \u201cBut doesn\u2019t everyone have electricity?\u201d It\u2019s true that most people in Europe and America are lucky to have lights whenever they want them, plus things like air-conditioning and microwave ovens. But in Africa, we\u2019re not so lucky. In fact, only about eight percent of Malawians have electricity in their homes, and most of them live in the city.", "Why can\u2019t I touch the wall and get light? Why am I always the one stuck in the dark searching for a match?", "One thing was certain: No magic could save us now. Starving was a cruel kind of science.", "I spent hours that morning sitting on the floor, flipping through pages and marveling at the pictures. For the first time in my life, I experienced what it felt like to escape without going anywhere.", "Direct current flows in one direction, from one end of the battery to the other, while AC changes direction and can be used in more ways. It\u2019s also easier to transmit. Because of this, most electronics use AC power. The book gave an example of an AC-generating motor: a bicycle dynamo.", "We all laughed about it now, because it was only during good times that we could talk truthfully about the bad.", "Any new invention is going to have problems,", "\u201cSo many things around you are reusable,\u201d I told them. \u201cWhere others see garbage, I see opportunity.\u201d", "\u201cWhere the world sees trash, Africa recycles. Where the world sees junk, Africa sees rebirth.\u201d", "\u201cDon\u2019t be discouraged and give up just because it\u2019s hard,\u201d Mister Blessings told me. \u201cWhatever you want to do, if you do it with all your heart, it will happen.\u201d", "If you want to make it, all you have to do is try.", "Often people with the best ideas face the greatest challenges\u2014their country at war; a lack of money or education or the support of those around them. But like me, they choose to stay focused because that dream\u2014as far away as it seems\u2014is the truest and most hopeful thing they have. Think of your dreams and ideas as tiny miracle machines inside you that no one can touch. The more faith you put into them, the bigger they get, until one day they\u2019ll rise up and take you with them."]}